The
Huh?
Don't let your guard down!
Something's here!
Obviously!
Hold still, you piece of-
Kenzo!
I've got you!
Sobare de shu wo suki
Chikara no you ni
Roll into the creepy world
Mata hitotsu demo
I am reawakened for
Riven cold
Star
Kegaru
Furu ni
Date
Take your face picture out
Statue of a live body count out
Nisa no katsu poto shu zo
Ya
Minishima no hito shu zo
I give back the light
It gave me what
I pleased
You guys know
You are all
Cause I'm back in this game
So let's go
Atarata shi
Nari wo ichou
Cause I'm back in this game
We can survive
Mokaku toki smash the heart
The pride
The fate is silence
Juri no one came
On the one table seat
You'll never go home
Soboku chengou
See a window
I'm a weapon that's doing it
The fate is silence
It's a play-off
And I won't go shallow
Susume nai to kaze
Gonna be a player
Some slayer
Cause I'm back in this game
So let's go
Alright, hands and guns
Let's do the show
Cause I'm back in this game
We can survive
Rokkatsu gaima gen ni run!
Cause I
The fate is silence
Come track it
Uh-uh
Shut up and track it
Come track it
Uh, yeah
I'm tapping
Shiu titan
These insects aren't in the same league as S-Ranks
But they're still just magic beasts
No finesse, no real strategy against the versatile tactics we bring to a battle.
They can't win.
Don't forget you got me backing you up, so you can relax.
That's some big talk for a guy who was almost too scared to join us.
Give it a rest, you know.
What is this, your first race?
You're getting sloppy.
These ants don't go down that easy.
Even without their heads, they can still move.
You really ought to be dismembering them, too.
Oh, yeah.
The further we go, the stronger they get.
But we still haven't seen any of those bipeds.
If I had to guess, these came from a previous generation of Queen's Guards that were made obsolete.
So they were just the opening act, huh?
Are we sure we're on the right path?
We're going the right way, I think.
What?
I wouldn't worry.
There's something up ahead.
I can smell a powerful magic beast further within.
If we've gotten close enough for you to smell them, then President Beck should be able to find them.
Right?
Fine.
Yep, I do now.
This professors told me Barbara is when she first met in Blackstone...
I'm going to have her wait in the Bonfire.
A paulownia still besides of what glows?
When Covid got to a ground level she had already panicked, so she was making those goopies and impregnating bijvoorbeeld die.
Well, Ashley doesn't even know what that vitriol means.
Still, it'd be better to say she's good at making little things...
...I think my symptoms have gone away.
18 informations not only allow the Queen to helplessly somewhat absorb all the territory inside the Sanctuary, everything she could possibly have 귀여ed up against would now give her respite...
....People would say it's no point trying and then Coin would be replaced.
Taking risks forおば airca qué palace.
Close enough, at least.
358 Shaps'
Each of them as strong as an S rank. Unfortunately, I couldn't tell how strong the Queen is.
It'll be a tough fight, but with this lineup, I know we can win.
Let's go!
We're here. This is Team Charlie's last known location before they went dark.
Where the hell could they have gone?
Doesn't look like they had trouble killing the ants.
Fujishima's glasses.
No way!
What's wrong?
This stench! It's beyond revolting!
I've never smelled anything like it before!
Aaaaaah!
Any luck reaching Team Charlie?
They haven't responded yet.
Wonder if something happened to them.
This isn't the time to worry about that.
You gonna actually fight this time?
I guess if I have to.
I'm not sure I can handle this.
Well, well. They're rolling out the red carpet for us.
We wouldn't want to be rude. Let's respond to their hospitality in kind.
Remember to stick to the plan, people! I'll make space for Mr. Ultimate Weapon here to light them all up!
Yes, we know what to do.
You ants are gonna have to get past me!
Get past me!
It's been a long time since I've ever used this kind of firepower.
But I can't afford to hold anything back with so much on the line.
He's right.
There's no reason to hold anything back.
Doesn't matter how ugly it might get.
I'm gonna slaughter these monsters, down to the last filthy bug!
Charlie...
There it is.
There's an X transformation.
It started.
We've got over 80% viewership. See if you can get a better angle.
There are that many people watching this? I don't want to let them down.
We're inside the boss room of an S-rank dungeon. Are you trying to die?
No, just trying to get a better look, sir.
Do me a favor and stand back. It's gonna get even more intense.
This is it!
The S-rank hunters have finally reached the Queen Ant's lair and are at this location.
They are now engaging in a life and death battle to liberate Jeju Island.
We've got hunters from multiple guilds who never operate together.
But as you can see, they're using incredible teamwork to face this threat.
They're using incredible teamwork to face this threat.
Hold on.
Hurry, guys, hurry, hurry!
Bye bye.
They've got host бол .
Hey, my link to the forces.
か
Hunter Chaw's razor-sharp attack slices through another one.
It's down!
The last Royal Guard ant has fallen.
It's just her! Let's finish this!
She's as good as done now.
Without her guards, the Queen's nothing more than a giant punching bag!
If that bug wants you out of this fight, she's gonna have to get rid of me first!
You're dreaming if you think you can get close to our healers!
That's it! Keep her occupied for me!
I can't believe she's still got this much strength left!
Was that a death cry? Or something else?
Take this!
We got you!
Your time has come!
On it!
One last push!
Yah!
SUSments!
THAT INCENTIVITY padres!
NORTH-FLORIDA
manos!!
Quickly!
I can't move any farther!
Teach me!
Ench...
They've done it!
Chairman.
Mission accomplished at long last.
It's over now, right?
Seems like it. With the Queen dead, the surviving ants will die out within a year.
And then people will be free to move back to the island.
But that scream at the end... I don't know.
What does it matter, man? We just took down the Queen Ant of Jeju Island.
Eun-suk can rest in peace because we avenged him.
Hmph.
I guess we did.
Red alert, sir! The ants are moving back into the nest!
What?
The signal lost effectiveness!
What's going on?
Give me the fastest sitrep you can.
A victory we all earned.
I can't believe we made it this far.
My cage of fire... was broken?
What's going on? We should've had plenty of time to retreat.
You know what was right about that last scream. You guys!
She was calling for help!
Maybe, but even if she was, they can't get in.
Guildmaster Troi's defense should hold.
Should hold?
Something's coming.
The first one to leave the nest is me.
The second one to leave the nest is me.
The third one to leave the nest is me.
Ahhhh!
Hang on...
Now we're kind of falling back, shit!
That's easy too.
You better hurry up or we're gonna end up in that
Beyond the כ accommodated guard'sades.
Wow, that uploading distance is tough with the Cheers.
There's no need for the Team fight.
I'm a slave.
Well, that's one way of handling it.
Well, that's no ordinary ant.
There's no time to hesitate. We need to take it out.
It walked right by us.
No! Miss Cha!
Miss Cha!
Wrong move!
You're finished!
He caught at me.
There!
You're surprised?
We've got a heck of a healer with us!
Never been more thankful for my camouflage skill.
Conceals my presence the same way stealth does.